docs: documentation for initial stable release of `algorand-python-testing` (#8)
algorandfoundation/algorand-python-testing: docs/testing-guide/transactions.md

    def my_method(self):
        ...
        return Txn.amount

# Setting transaction group with index of current executing transaction
ctx.set_transaction_group(gtxn=[pay_txn, asset_transfer_txn, app_call_txn], active_transaction_index=3)
# Now when you access abstractions like `algopy.Txn` to access 'current' transaction it will point to 'app_call_txn' at index 3.
contract = MyContract()
# Given that we set active transaction index to 3, the `Txn` reference will correctly refer to 'app_call_txn' instance.
assert contract.my_method() == algopy.UInt64(1000000)

## Note: active_transaction_index is optional, defaults to 0 and controls which transaction to consider when
## interacting with `algopy.Txn` and affects behaviour when invoking contract methods using `abimethod` or `baremethod` decorators.
## Refer to `ARC4Contract` and `Contract` sections for additional usage examples.

# Get the transaction group.
txn_group = ctx.get_transaction_group()

# Set the active transaction index
ctx.set_active_transaction_index(0)

# Get the active transaction
active_txn = ctx.get_active_transaction()

# Clear the transaction group
ctx.clear_transaction_group()
```

## Inner Transaction

> Inner transactions are special type of AVM transactions that are signed and executed by AVM applications (instances of deployed smart contract/signatures). When testing smart contracts, you may interact and manage inner transactions via the test context manager as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inner transactions are AVM transactions that are signed and executed by an AVM applications (instances of deployed smart contract/signatures). When testing smart contracts, you may interact and manage inner transactions via the test context manager as such:
```

            xfer_asset=asset,
            asset_close_to=self.previous_bidder,
            asset_receiver=self.previous_bidder,
            asset_amount=self.asa_amount,
        ).submit()
    ...

... # instantiate test context and invoke contract method
contract = AuctionContract()
contract.claim_asset(asset=ctx.any_asset())

# Test context will automatically capture and store itxn.AssetTransfer transaction submitted by the contract method.
# To access the 'submitted' inner transaction with implicit assertions of whether any inner transaction has been submitted, and type of last submitted inner transaction is of specified type:
asset_transfer_txn = ctx.last_submitted_inner_txn.asset_transfer

# Alternatively you can access the entire group to retrieve a specific transaction or iterate over groups of transactions:
for txn in ctx.last_submitted_inner_txns:
    ...
## or
asset_transfer_txn_2 = ctx.get_submitted_itxn_group(0).asset_transfer(0) # since we expect only one asset transfer inner transaction to be submitted
# Note that above also performs type validation and will throw an error if the type of inner transaction at index is not of specified type.
```

> See [TODO: Examples url]() for more examples of accessing inner transactions.

Reviewer: TODO

# Transactions

The testing framework follows the Transaction definitions described in [`algorand-python` docs](https://algorand-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/algorand_sdk/transactions.html). This section focuses on _value generators_ and interactions with inner transactions, it also explains how the framework identifies _active_ transaction group during contract method/subroutine/logicsig invocation.

```{testsetup}
import algopy
import algopy_testing

# Create the context manager for snippets below
ctx_manager = algopy_testing_context()

# Enter the context

> ctx = ctx_manager.__enter__()

Reviewer: Another `__enter__` to remove

    sender=ctx.any.account(),  # Optional: Defaults to context's default sender if not provided
    receiver=ctx.any.account(),  # Required for Payment
    amount=algopy.UInt64(1000000)  # Required for Payment
)
```

## Preparing for execution

When a smart contract instance (application) is interacted with on the Algorand network, it must be performed in relation to a specific transaction or transaction group where one or many transactions are application calls to target smart contract instances.

To emulate this behaviour, the `create_group` context manager is available on [`algopy.TransactionContext`](../api.md) instance that allows setting temporary transaction fields within a specific scope, passing in emulated transaction objects and identifying the active transaction index within the transaction group

```{testcode}
import algopy
from algopy_testing import AlgopyTestContext, algopy_testing_context

class SimpleContract(algopy.ARC4Contract):
    @algopy.arc4.abimethod
    def check_sender(self) -> algopy.Bytes:
        return algopy.Txn.sender

# Create a test context
with algopy_testing_context() as ctx:
    # Create a contract instance
    contract = SimpleContract()

>     # Use scoped_txn_fields to temporarily change the sender

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Use active_txn_overrides to change the sender
```

    patched_sender = ctx.any.account()

>     with ctx.txn.create_group(txn_op_fields={"sender": patched_sender}):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    with ctx.txn.create_group(active_txn_overrides={"sender": patched_sender}):
```

        # Call the contract method
        result = contract.check_sender()

>         # Assert that the sender is the default creator

Reviewer: These comments are different to what is being asserted

        # NOTE: by default, 'default_sender' property of the test context
        # is set to the creator of the contract
        assert result == patched_sender

    # Assert that the sender is the default creator after exiting the
    # transaction group context
    assert ctx.txn.last_active.sender == patched_sender
    # Assert the size of last transaction group
    assert len(ctx.txn.last_group.txns) == 1
```

## Inner Transaction

Inner transactions are AVM transactions that are signed and executed by AVM applications (instances of deployed smart contracts or signatures).

> When testing smart contracts, to stay consistent with AVM, the framework _does not allow you to submit inner transactions outside of contract/subroutine/logicsig invocation_, but you can interact with and manage inner transactions using the test context manager as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When testing smart contracts, to stay consistent with AVM, the framework _does not allow you to submit inner transactions outside of contract/subroutine invocation_, but you can interact with and manage inner transactions using the test context manager as follows:
```
